hello to all and hello to all and to
Kiev or tricks as easy and
today we find ourselves for a
video so cheats kama bay so she bl
who says someone who does not necessarily have
business to scales that did not
necessarily 2 km east side that does not have
necessarily want to ask three million
to win one so we'll do some
khama tips that will bring you back but
not really for balls
real people and people who do not have
a lot of cases so I will start
by the first
so this tip is going to use
so we will use a wood whose
coconut trunk so this is the trunk of
coco so actually predict when you
are in the recipe want to see you
can turn it into a board
so boards that even counts enough
useful as you see especially thanks to
new species and thanks in particular
to the farm objects that are
used to be to ride so the
handyman craft so actually these
boards under this kraft with a single wood
or a board already that's a good
thing but then it's not the
lumberjacks who craft it but that's
any character without a job
little the crafter I edit you in
take care
so we will see that the price of the trunks
coconut and less than a mile
leaving and that the boards are getting
sell to 40000 the senses knowing that so
a wood and alu boards there we pay 20
million wins or we earn 20000 1 2 c
we double our profits and it is enough
just go to amoun island from you
show live in live auction by
gold all you want
it's a good really a lot of lakes
supported he dominates
I must be at Lille 2 here I am
just have to hand-climb little to
above the zap and you will have a species
of dates of established forgiveness and it will be enough
so to do them
she's without diving you're going to get
your 100 boards is better than it is
really not very well known as like
trick and so the boards sold pretty
well right now for the essences of the
beautiful gift that are vain words
used for trophies will not be
he says no nonsense here is my turn
push all the waste for everything
who is too feminine announce in
use there really it's going to go in
mass the game plans for his potions the
here we will quickly finish the boards and then
we will go to the second trick kama so there
will have three games is not specified
but we will have to 3 will come instead 2 and
a third multi os can win
cases but who will you who is not
really by so a trick to me
finally you will see well I will pass it to
the end so here are ten boards we got
not quickly his productions really
I did not sell I do not know how much this
night in secret I'm going to kraft is at
above and zap you when we resell
So you have for the second
technique it's a technique
not too much not known if a little bit
still taste so it goes for those who
want to ride minor so enough but
it only takes a minor level sorry
let's say that's not even a name
the subscriber can do it and the shipping
you will go to hd and after buy
all do it and all the club possible
really you can buy two
almost all and so we're going to kraft and
alumina it forgiveness of the larks minute
thanks to beautiful alloy so to him here is in
mass so it's just 10 iron and
copper
so for the senses we will pay around
so fifty thousand kamas of 55000 as
to iron and the ng 150000 kama de
copper us what makes us so 205000
fight
yeah 250 205000 kama and so we go
can resell them 348 where you can
also thanks to his friends then do
the wand that you showed in
video so that will give you a po and
so you will be able to break them in
mass so it's up to you to see if you
then you want to mount sculptor of
chopsticks or if you have a notice that
is that in Ouagadougou is everything
simply great lady inite knowing
that they are used in a lot of
kraft that we can see everything that is
shield to lyon are keys even
really a lot a lot have
grown in mass what will you allow
from minors up to level 60 if you
close in a minute and so
you will even earn money
it's really not bad 100000
kama % kraft that's it and compared it to the
last technique in the last
technique is not really a kraft to
do it pretty well to whom the
already know I thought I would buy them
aisles the certificates of helped but not going
we're not going to pass messages to
trade we 're just going to do a tour of
from time to time at the age of the v
so see see a little bit so the
more interesting indicates this is
really emeralds so lovers
I remember that she brings back a powerful
parchment of strength can not see which
are 80 miles 80000 95000 kama so
I show you how old they are
of v because it really happened
almost every night I both
three so buy them every time
so it can also do not need to
of craft it is necessary nothing until
3000 km co2 and so you will be able
resell selling hotels
documents that's 80 thousand cases month
they were for example a moment where I
do not know at what price they are there
105 signed so there you make a
union told me very very quickly
share in minutes if I tell you
kidney to a powerful parchment of force on
play one or two waters
to show you all that stuff
is mutu mode there
then there are also the plums
also flaws the crops what's that
reports means of songs that
can also long but finally the means
ways
do not try too much to buy ports
paths to do the means because
the average parchments are not
really sold people rather prefer
take powerful ones that is dear to us
but who reports 2 of stats he was running
there are many other things I do not know if
you know
if you do not know his people a
orchid here I would like all of that
we will be able to go 1
to amakna yeast and we will you
appear invented the castle of maintenon
you go right and you go up in
why am I a big thing like this
oh yes I took a potion you me
then go our costs to the exchanged 1
the mounted guard is sexy and change from
mount so peace you just put
stole rents over dotting the
rod years and I paid 50 miles yes 58
the case me for a powerful parchment
intel waiting for us I do not know
how far she is I have a powerful
force apartment a mighty
parchment of intelligence here we go
see how much is worth a hdv the mighty
parchment of intelligence goyen even the
invalid certificates his mom
a good acama technique which they
do not use a trade and that is
very very fast so is there we are
so by Chinese of characteristics
powerful by my home people so
So here is the 70000 camatte profit
for whoever goes in a few
minutes really that so easily so
that's it and that's 119 1950 and so this
189.9 net here are really three good
tricks a year that I remember kraft and d
alumina it were minors 60 easily
and making money so 5000
camara % crabs limits the boards
wooden gogos that we will double your
tote because the boivin mines
boards 40000 the senses and therefore the
scrolls always look in hd go
not go see on barbeuk for example
on jive vote or so I'll put you
in descriptions would submit the links
to see which of the following matches
what parchment welcome so take the
lsap to mcn al hamili dropped to 1 right in
top and you exchange the scrolls
I hope these three techniques that
will help you in the meantime ben me I
tell you very soon if you like
you can share them and subscribe
purchase